#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
chardet==5.2.0
    # via reportlab
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via svglib
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-filer
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-admin-style
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
django-filer==3.1.3
    # via
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-cms
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via django-filer
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via django-cms
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via django-cms
djangocms-admin-style==3.3.1
    # via django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==3.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
djangocms-bootstrap4==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-icon==2.1.0
    # via djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-link==3.1.1
    # via djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-picture==4.1.1
    # via djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-text-ckeditor==5.1.5
    # via djangocms-bootstrap4
easy-thumbnails[svg]==2.8.5
    # via
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-picture
html5lib==1.1
    # via djangocms-text-ckeditor
lxml==5.2.2
    # via svglib
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   reportlab
reportlab==4.2.0
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
six==1.16.0
    # via html5lib
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
svglib==1.5.1
    # via easy-thumbnails
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
